hello I need you to help me conceptualize an  idea here , : so  I wanna an idea in healthcare and I need you to help come up with it and plan it well , so this is it : 

so I was thinking about this  , so in 2024 , I was in metropolitan hostpital , ready to undergo a sugery  , a testicular one and it was to cost around 350 k , so in th eprocess I was called by one of my friends who suggested a different place that had a better pricing for the same exploration  sugery , so what if he hadn't called me and told me about the other price I wouldn't have known at the time  . 

so what if there was a system where we can alrady seee the pricing for different hosptials on a partilcular condition ? sO I was thinking like we bring to gether differnt parties  like hospitals , insurance companies and the acutal users , so what the users do is this 

so we will have a brochure of the services offered by differnt hospitlas and what the price is for such a service . so it will basicaly help the user to get the best price for whatever they wanna get treated for , so it will be like a best deals for different hostpitals plarftoms  kine of a system okay ( I hope you are getting it aki _) 

I also dont want to complicate the problem statement too much too , it need s to be as precise as possible okay .  : 

so the problem that is being solved is  the lack of informatin on different hospitals okay  also differnt hosptiatls have different machines that are crucial for such activites : 

I belive that in the age of tech or the 21st century we should not have issues where like a few days ago there was this debate on x on how much it costs to give birth in kenya , you see things like these should not be going on in kenya ,and peole were so confused on how much it cost as they were giving different prices . so I just wanna give people the best prices but in healthcare 

so our customres will be hostpitals that will need to be listed on the plartofom and for   the  and also we can partner with insureance companies too . so we partner with hospticals and insureance companies : 

so accoridnto the event we have to do these to our sysem : 

we need to use gemini api , so I was thinki ng we have to use gemnini for doing consturctive searhc , you most of the time a user we come in and say that they are having a sharp pain in their lower abdomen right  and this is a generic thig that is not listted in our sutem , for example in our system we have things like the actual names of the procedreus and deseases and how they are related for example we can have testicular exploration and it can be related to prostate cancer so when you search for either you will get the other right  , but for such a generic search we have nothing like what the user is searching for right . so thats where we do it like google  , when you search for anything to day what it does is it gives you a summary of the search right  ? 
so we do it with the system the ai conscluede what youa re serachign for based on the system and gives you what the hospticals offere in the best realtin to what you are seraching for , 

and each hospital has a price range for each service okay . so make it as good as possibl okay . so I think we should start now . so make this as good as  posssible okay . so start now , helpt me come up with this in the fsated way possible okay . so start now

Show less
1:44 PM
This is a genuinely strong idea — you're essentially building the Skyscanner or Trivago for healthcare pricing in Kenya. Let me structure this properly for you and then visualise the system architecture.

Here's how I'd frame it:

The problem (precise and clean): Patients in Kenya have no centralised, accessible way to compare hospital service prices before receiving care — leading to uninformed decisions, financial shock, and missed opportunities for affordable treatment.

The solution: A healthcare price transparency platform — let's call it MediCompare KE — that aggregates real-time service pricing from hospitals, surfaces it through AI-powered intelligent search, and helps patients find the best match for their condition and budget.

Three stakeholders, three value propositions:

Patients: compare prices for procedures before they commit
Hospitals: a free/paid listing that drives patient acquisition
Insurers: a partner channel to show what's covered at each facility
The Gemini AI layer handles ambiguous queries — a patient types "sharp pain lower abdomen" and the AI maps that to relevant procedures (appendectomy, hernia repair, urological exploration etc.) and surfaces hospital pricing for those, just like Google's AI overview.

Let me now diagram the full system architecture:



Now let me give you the full plan document you can use to pitch this:

MediCompare KE — Product Concept
Problem statement (precise)
Patients in Kenya lack a centralised platform to compare hospital service prices before receiving care. This information asymmetry leads to financial shock, uninformed decisions, and missed access to affordable treatment — as demonstrated by public confusion over something as common as childbirth costs.

What it is
A healthcare price transparency platform where patients can search by symptom, condition, or procedure name and instantly see what different hospitals charge — along with what equipment they have, which insurance plans they accept, and where they're located.

The Gemini AI layer
This is the differentiator. Most health platforms require you to know the exact procedure name. You don't — especially in an emergency. So the Gemini integration works like this:

Patient types: "I have a sharp pain in my lower right abdomen"
Gemini maps this to: appendectomy, hernia repair, urological workup, etc.
It generates a natural-language AI summary: "Based on your description, here are the most relevant procedures hospitals in Nairobi offer — and what they charge"
The taxonomy underneath links conditions, procedures, and synonyms so related searches surface together (e.g. testicular exploration → prostate cancer workup)
Three parties, one platform
Hospitals — listed in a searchable directory with a price range per service, equipment available, location, and tier (Level 4, Level 5, private etc.). Freemium model: basic listing is free, premium listing with analytics is paid.

Insurance companies — partner integration that overlays which procedures are covered per plan at each facility. A patient with Jubilee cover can filter to see only what's covered for them.

Patients — the end user. Free to search, compare, save, and share.

Key features
Symptom-to-procedure AI search (Gemini)
Price range per service per hospital (not exact — ranges protect hospitals from gaming while still being useful)
Equipment filter (e.g. "has MRI machine")
Insurance cover filter
Location/distance filter
Shareable comparison links (so your friend can send you the better option before your surgery)
What you click on in the diagram
Every box is clickable — tap any node to ask a follow-up question about that component.

What do you want to go deep on next? The Gemini integration, the hospital onboarding flow, the business model, or a UI mockup of what the search results page looks like?

John-hack321/bei_yangy
main

GITHUB

so I want to do this in the best feasable way for it to work as much as possible , so lets do this : 

i was thinking of  next js for frotend and fastapi for backend and a psql db , should I set up things first then give you the sekelton projects for you to write the code for this , I tink for fast api , you can just do the code already first since it doest not reaquere a setup think next js does right ? 

so for fast api just wreite the code for the differnt parts then for next js I will create a next js project push it to github then share with you here so that you can write the code for the different parts okay . 

so this is how I am thinking of all of this , so when I get into the app  so ths is how I see it all : 

I get to the home page , there we can either have a list of the different hosptialss  , the itop insureances the support , whether they are govement or things like that any other info right ? 

so when a user clicks on a hosptial they now see the different services offered at what price range  price okay . 
then now when I search for a particular service they listed  based on the hospital prices and reanked from the one that matches your price best to the least match  okay > 

also we should consider  custom rating on the different hospitals okay . so I hope you get the idea , I also need you to do a claude.md file to guide ai thourhg the project okay . 

so lets start now please so I need you to give me a command like this to start the db with too 

docker run -d \
  --name sales_star_schema \
  -e POSTGRES_DB=sales_star_schema_db \
  -e POSTGRES_USER=sales_star_schema_adim \
  -e POSTGRES_PASSWORD="1423Okello," \
  -p 5500:5432 \
  postgres:17

suggest tehe name and everything so that you already have the db url whne bulding the fastapi backend okay . so do it in the best way possible okay . 

done worry about auth that we will do onece we are done with everything okay . also ensure the ui si good and we have I have added the frontend repo now 

so start hacking